---
tweet_id: "2014603586609520981"
author: "hoeflatoor"
author_name: "hoeflator/滥交师傅 (Yishun Kampung mode)"
date: "2026-01-23"
tweet_url: "https://x.com/hoeflatoor/status/2014603586609520981"
tags: []
links_count: "1"
---

# @hoeflatoor

> Warren Buffett is spiritually Chinese btw. This is why Chinese dads throw The Snowball and Intelligent Investor at their kids the moment they can read and bedtime stories are all about compound interest and how he turned around See’s Candies. Warren even had 2 wives. Ancient Chinese trait! Tempted his children with money for his own vanity, knowing he would NOT give them a cent - extremely Chinese. 

Even Bruce Lee wasn’t as spiritually Chinese as Warren Buffett but most Chinese are not ready for that discussion. (He was 1 quarter European) 

While Bruce was pursuing a Christian and White style expansion of his thought processes and films in his Faustian bargain for fame, Warren was Confucianist and Han in his capital accumulation. True story. 

For being spiritually White in his actions, the Hong Kong mafia sent an assassin to give Lee the death touch while he was in a hotel room with his illicit lover. Not even a concubine! An affair. 

Meanwhile to preserve familial peace, Warren’s first wife finds his second wife for him. Benevolence. Righteousness. Chinese. Now consider how it was a Chinaman who paid 4.6m to have dinner with Warren, not a WASP or even an Ashkenazi! 

I firmly believe my mother must have had lecherous thoughts about the local getai male singer because instead of starting my investment journey at 6, I simply grew up as an artistic little cunt. Be wary of the thoughts and actions one has when conceiving and gestating a child. I suspect Warren Buffett’s mother ate too much chop suey and egg rolls during her 2nd and 3rd trimesters. General Tso’s chicken perhaps. You are what you eat after all.

*Quoting @FoundersPodcast:*
> How Warren Buffett stopped himself from getting fat: https://t.co/o9TdYW5Nqw

## Links

- https://twitter.com/FoundersPodcast/status/2014411236100997489/photo/1 (media)

## Source

- [Original Tweet](https://x.com/hoeflatoor/status/2014603586609520981)

## Notes

